589:  No mention of Id software has been removed.  I thought this was
cleared up last project.  I am proud of CAT3D, and I would have a problem
with the removal of credit to the development team.

591: The version number is on the intro screen

592: The new piracy screen is in

660: The map view is a debugging tool, not a feature.

682,694,695:  The hang is fixed.  Whenever a monster had no viable move it
went into a loop (the trolls were all added at the last minute).  Good
catch.

697: The graphic screw up was fixed by adding two blocks to the map

Everything else:  The single lines are a result of roundoff error between
two transformations.  When a wall segment disapears it is a result of a
back trace hitting a side that should by invisable.  The objects showing up
through walls is a result of the z buffer being kept in pixels (a poor
design decision).  Not mentioned by you:  The thick bar shown when you look 
almost straight down a long wall is a result of the tangent table maxing out
in 16 bits, causing the texture mapping to think it can optimize the wall
drawing.  The fish eye view when you turn right next to a wall is a result of 
not having enough compiled scaler routines (memory constraints) to scale 
thinks closer than the view plane.  These problems are understood, but the
corrective measures are not really feasable.  I think CAT3D still stands well
even with these warts.  Over the past several days I have developed a ray
tracing/intersecting 3-D refresh to replace the image based system from 
CAT3D, and it has addressed all of these problems.  I would put it in CAT3D
except for:  it uses 286 specific code in a few places, but no big deal
to replace.  It is designed to work with a demand paged graphics caching
system, still no big deal.  I am unsure of its memory requirements,
potentially a terminal problem.  I haven't tested it with scaled sprites
yet, this would require one or two additional days.

If gamer's edge ever gets an ok to do a hard drive installable game you will
probably see the new system.


                John Carmack

